Chore: Cloud launchers deprecation announcement (#7787)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/updates.md

services. [Try it today!](https://cloud.konghq.com/quick-start)

## September 2024

> **Cloud Launchers Deprecated**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cloud Launchers deprecated**
```

> : Cloud Launchers will be deprecated on November 30th, 2024. From this date you will no longer be able to use pre-populated templates to launch dataplanes in AWS, Azure, or GCP using Cloud Launchers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Cloud Launchers will be deprecated on November 30th, 2024. From this date onward, you will no longer be able to use pre-populated templates to launch data planes in AWS, Azure, or GCP using Cloud Launchers.
```
